Created additional overload to prevent AdditionalProps getting inferr… (#1664)
emotion-js/emotion: .changeset/lucky-swans-kneel.md

---
'@emotion/styled': patch
---

> Fixed issue when composing components using interpolations the wrong type would be inferred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed issue when using "component as selector" in styled interpolations which caused the wrong type to be inferred.
```
